Update Symmetric Pointer Text (#276)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_atomic_add.tex

    \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to perform the operation.
        When this argument is not provided, the operation is performed on
        the default context.}
    \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{Symmetric address of the destination data object.
        The type of \dest{} should match that implied in the SYNOPSIS section.}

>     \apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically added to \dest.

Reviewer: `dest` is an address, so I'm not sure we're not "adding" `value` to that address.
Perhaps:
```suggestion
    \apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically added to the destination object.
```

Author: Nice catch! I cribbed text from the new bitwise AMOs -- "The operand to the atomic add operation." Let me know if you prefer something different.

Reviewer: Sounds pretty good.  If I were to nitpick, I might say that an add operation has 2 operands, so which one is this one?  :wink:  It's good though, I think it's pretty clear this is the sender's operand.
